OSDOCS-16409: Cluster Admin CQAs (#116629)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dedicated-aws-dc-existing-associate-dxgw.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="dedicated-aws-dc-existing-associate-dxgw_{context}"]
= Associating the Direct Connect gateway with the virtual private gateway

[role="_abstract"]
After you create a virtual private gateway, associate it with your existing Direct Connect gateway.

.Prerequisites

* You created a virtual private gateway in your {product-title} AWS account.

.Procedure

. From the {product-title} AWS Account region, select *Direct Connect* from the *Services* menu.
. Click *virtual private gateways* and select the virtual private gateway.
. Click *View details*.
. Click the *Direct Connect gateway associations* tab.
. Click *Associate Direct Connect gateway*
. Under *Association account type*, for Account owner, click *Another account*.
. Under *Association settings*, for Direct Connect gateway ID, enter the ID of the Direct Connect gateway.
. For *Direct Connect gateway owner*, enter the ID of the AWS account that owns the Direct Connect gateway.
. Optional: Add prefixes to *Allowed prefixes*, separating them using commas or put them on separate lines.
. Click *Associate Direct Connect gateway*.

.Next steps

> After the Association Proposal has been sent, it will be waiting for your acceptance. The final steps you must perform are available in the link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/multi-account-associate-vgw.html[AWS Documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the Association Proposal has been sent, you must accept it. Follow the final steps in the link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directconnect/latest/UserGuide/multi-account-associate-vgw.html[Associate a Direct Connect virtual private gateway across accounts] (AWS documentation).
```
